Update nextflow.md (#1690)
nf-core/nf-co.re: markdown/usage/nextflow.md

  - Nextflow Training - Radio Astronomy Edition (Carpentries course:) <https://adacs.org.au/project/nextflow-training-2022b/>
  - Nextflow Tutorial - Variant Calling Edition: <https://sateeshperi.github.io/nextflow_varcal/>
  - Rinn Lab 2022 undergraduate course lectures, covering Nextflow and nf-core:
    - <https://github.com/boulderrinnlab/CLASS_2022>
    - <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hotf471yYVE&list=PLK_W6cepCrQ3yx6DEHk6fatwnjbaTdqDo>
  - Nextflow workshop 2022: <https://seqera.io/nextflow/workshop/>
  - Learning Nextflow in 2023: <https://www.nextflow.io/blog/2023/learn-nextflow-in-2023.html>
  - Nextflow Windows 10 environment setup tutorial: https://nextflow.io/blog/2021/setup-nextflow-on-windows.html
  - Nextflow DSL1 Workshop 2018: <https://nextflow-io.github.io/nf-hack18>
  - Nextflow Camp 2019 DSLv2 tutorial: <https://github.com/nextflow-io/nfcamp-tutorial>
- Running Nextflow in the cloud:
  - AWS Batch tutorial: <https://docs.opendata.aws/genomics-workflows/orchestration/nextflow/nextflow-overview.html>

>   - Google Batch tutorial: https://nextflow.io/blog/2022/deploy-nextflow-pipelines-with-google-cloud-batch.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Get Started with Nextflow on Google Cloud Batch: https://www.nextflow.io/blog/2023/nextflow-with-gbatch.html
```
